The media these days would pick all of them. They even get mad when you dare to say the word riot.

During a virtual workshop after the meeting, Council Member Kris Lawrence-Anderson said she voted to fire Boganey out of fear of potential reprisals from protestors if she did not, according to the newspaper." Shocking, to say the least. The council is fine.

Pretty accurate diagram of the weapon being used against Western Culture. The ending will be when there are finally no places left to go.

Except for stopping the wars or protecting our constitutional rights. But hey, at least the establishment politicians are back in control.

If you want Formerly Chuck's to be more popular your best option is to make it look like Imgur: you have a bunch of content on screen at once, rather than a scroll of content one at a time like you're reading some faggot's blog with ads spliced in-between posts. Right now it's set up like it's a personal blog which is not the right way to market a would-be social media platform. It's really that simple.


okay guys thank you for coming to my blog （っ＾▿＾）so today i went to the supermarket and i purposely went to the person cashier instead of the robot thing and i tried to spark a conversation because i am trying to become more "normal" and i have seen him before and it was some ASSHOLE teenager i asked him "hows your day?" and he goes "pretty good considering this is the first time you wore something that doesnt make you look like your from like 30 years ago." and i didnt say anything. stupid dickhead. also a cute girl glanced at me.


At this point, there's no avoiding it. But I don't feel bad about it anymore. At the end of the day, the classes were scuffed. It was too rushed and gave too much to do in too little time. I would have done tutoring, but it was almost non existent at my school. The organization was a disaster. It wasn't because of the virus, that's how it normally is there since it's already online.


Under these circumstances, I simply can't pass and I can't learn anything from this school. The boomers that run it clearly know as much about computer science as sack of rocks. I'm setting my sights on a different program handled by someone that teaches no nonsense classes about programming. Unlike the bureaucrats that run my school, he knows whats needed for a programming course. People that go to his classes have ended up working for major business, like Google. I think things will be better in the future.


Antifa needs to be recognized for what they are. Murderous marxist revolutionaries. And also, it's about time the KKK finally get recognized as terrorists. Why the government hasn't deemed them as such already is beyond me.


These classes have been really wacky. The good news is, is that I've been granted extended time, and I'm making the most of it. I'm almost done. Whether I do well or fail, I will have done my best. There's not much beyond that.


I've noticed just recently I've become out of touch with some aspects of my life. I've been distracted with a variety of things. So, I'm fixing that too. Life's shortness becomes more apparent as you get older. Gotta keep that which you love most the closest.


How's school going for you lot? It sure has been complicated and frustrating lately.

Despite the long hours of hard work, the stress, and pushing through, my grades are failing. I've been working to the best of my abilities and its been for nothing. I'm talking to my teachers, but it may do nothing. It was going great at first, but not anymore. There's a constant fear looming over me that because of some disabilities I have, I'm not going to truly get anywhere in life. All of which have worked against me recently. And now I'm headed toward a collision course to a failed semester. Just not good enough. All that money for nothing. I have little faith in a positive outcome and doubt my capabilities. I don't feel like trying anymore.

THE UPDATE HAS COME
I gotta say, @222 did a good job, I can tell he put in a lot of thought and work into the new Formerly Chuck's. I’m going to miss the old format, but this is more intuitive. There’s a lot of glitches to be fixed, but no doubt those will be fixed soon.

I’m excited to begin the new chapter that we’ve all been waiting for in our small corner of the internet with you. Let’s make it a good one!

This semester, I have 2 classes: Learning the programing language Java and learning discret math. Learning Java is rather challenging, I don't consider it a great language, and for my assignments I have to read 100 pages of text book and make programs with what I learn. It takes a lot of time, but it is manageable and can be fun and useful.


But discrete math is truly awful. The math itself isn't that bad, it's the amount of work my college dumps on me thats bad. In total, I have to do about 300 math problems per week, many of which are long problems. It's not uncommon for 1 assignment to take 2-3 hours to finish, and w get at least 10 assignments per week. And you know what's hilarious about it? Only about 10 math problems that I do from the 300 actually gets graded. Hours upon hours of work just for 3% of it to count towards anything, and I don't get told which ones will count.


My teacher admits that we are given an excessive work, and notes that

I've taken more of an interest in imageboards lately. Perhaps I'm more curious about them. It's interesting. In places like Formerly Chuck's everyone here has an identity with their profiles. To me that's proper. But here you don't know who's who. 2 of the same people could be having a fight in 1 thread and a friendly talk in another and have no idea. I'll be taking a closer look.

Fucking funny how people leave comments on 5 year old satirical videos that sound like theyre time traveling back to tell the person in the video that the joke they're making about how things work and will continue to work still work like that in the future like they predicted it would as if they have some kind of forbidden knowledge even though the person who made the video not only also progressed through time and knows that now, but also predicted it perfectly back then and does not need you to remind them that they were right. Like "omg this gets more accurate every day" like no shit it was accurate back then too

This lady had her reusable bags with her and she was stuffing them full of soft drink bottles, when she couldn't fit anymore in she dumped the bag on the handles of the pram, well the pram flipped and it flipped with a great deal of force, the baby in the pram happened to not be strapped in and was launched a full 10 feet down the aisle, the women looked on in shock as this lady scrambled across the floor to her baby (it was fine, babies are made of rubber) the only thing that could be heard in the store was myself and another man uncontrollably laughing, I collapsed to the ground from laughter as an entire store of women looked at us in disgust.

I was shopping with my partner at Coles, across from us in the aisle was a women using her pram as a trolley, it was a cheap flimsy thing the kind you buy at the dollar store.

The first "virtual youtuber" was Eilene like 6 years ago and he was actually funny and made good videos. know why? because he was just one guy doing it as a hobby for fun. sure it looked like shit, and sure it was annoying text to speech voices, but it was funny and the videos were actually entertaining to watch.

If you are an asura whether lost, fallen, roaming, enlightened, transcended, came to the cusp of grand epiphany, funny, caught in an incarnation cycle, in love, within the jaws of darkness, within the hands of lightness, or kept true to their undying path come meet me at a place where we can eat as a funny and happy family yet once more, then maybe we can share the same cup when we drink water from said cup. We will be partaking in a meal at a diner I found in the high realms of the tallest mountains perceivable to the mortal flesh. Maybe we will meet some astral Serbs there too, or maybe weeping seeds. :D

The cchikcken is a type of land fowl with the inability to fly, such as its other cousins. Its first origins as a farm animal staple seems to date back around 5,400 years ago. But its first discoveries as an animal seem to date back nearly 12,000 years ago. Its location of origin seems to be Southeastern Asia. When they were first discovered, they're main purpose was not for food or eggs, but rather for cock fighting ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°). It wasn't until a couple thousand years later figured out that the cchikcken had a special gimmick to it. Since the cchikcken had grown where bamboo is common, it had to adapt to live off of it. So every 100 years, the bamboo would grow seeds and die, for the new batch of bamboo to grow in its place. The cchikckens took advantage of this, and was biologically wired to the bamboo seed surplus. The ovaries of female cchikckens would essentially go into


Decided to write a song instead of normal marriage vows, 6 days till and I'm half done at best, yesterday I regressed by changing the first verse instead of getting any closer to finishing. I'm starting think maybe a 40 minute drum solo might have to do.

Tianna gifts Zenith a saturn shaped lollipop.

just went swimming in the ocean. there were many people outside today. happy to see that less people are wearing the mask that shows they are slaves to the system

Good night, day has been interrupted by sleep-

I'm quite a quiet person, people always tell me this when I sneak up behind them, if I'm lucky they'll do a little jump it's very funny.

I have sex in the 7/8 time signature. Girls have a hard time nodding along.

Onigiri moment

What the fuck is cum and why is it green.

that one comic, but with he and luna.

Who ordered all these fucking tags?

I COULDN'T EVEN FUCKING FIT THEM ALL IN

Last two tags are "coll" and "sakura_miko"

Tag limit is 20, by the way. In case you didn't know.
Marvel has Darkseid, I have darkside

Clown world..

I was called an ironic lolicon on twitter

I think it's due to more factors than just Tinder but still interesting.

why is there riots this time?

Don't worry, it benefits everyone. And by everyone I mean the corporations and politicians.

We've all been there.

Check out the latest episode of Fat Dumb And Angry on Bitchute. I'm going to try to put out another episode next month, hopefully 2 but I'm also working on my next album and that's been taking up a lot of time too. There will be a teaser for that coming shortly as well, so stay tuned!

Found a praying mantis at 1am, can't see shit in this picture though

I turn(ed) twenty within the previous or upcoming days, saying it this way will throw off which day is my birthday. But congrats I am, or will be, twenty. Can I die yet?

Spent weeks working on my song for the wedding, very slow progression, bits an pieces here and there, yesterday I had a moment of inspiration, re wrote the whole song, substantially improved it and finished it in about an hour, only thing that remains from the original are the chords and 1 sentence.

Remember when we couldn't do voter ID because it would disproportionately effect the poor? I'm sure this will be just fine though.

What in God’s name did you just say to me, you reprehensible socialist? I'll have you know that I was personally taught by Murray Rothbard, that I've read the whole of von Mises’ collected works, and that I’ve debated over 300 Keynesian academics. I am trained in Austrian economics, and I am the top academic in the entire Mises Institute. You are nothing to me but just another statist. I will demolish you in a manner the likes of which have never been seen before on this earth, mark my words. You think you can get away with saying this Keynesian rubbish to me over the internet, do you? Think again, bootlicker. As we speak I am contacting my colleagues at the Mises Institute, and we are preparing to refute your asinine ideas completely, so you had better prepare for the storm, time-server. The storm that wipes out that miserable idea which you have of the exalted science of economics. Your academic career is as good as dead, you gold-hater. I can be anywhere, any time, and I can refute you in over seven hundred different ways, by my sheer study and intellect. Not only am I extensively trained in Austrian economics, but I also have access to the entire arsenal of the Liberty Fund and I will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable existence off the face of the intellectual realm, you pitiful MMT-advocate. If only you could have known what unholy retribution your little "clever" comment was about to bring down upon you, perhaps you would have held your tongue. But you couldn't, you didn't, and now you're paying the price for your insolence. I will shower the principles of sound money over you and you will drown in them. Your academic career is as good as dead.

spend my days relaxing on the beach life couldn't be better

I may have gone too far down the rabbit hole this time...
The universe is just one big mandelbrot zoom.

Infinite fractals that are moving away from each other faster and faster, being redshifted from our location, in just one of these fractals.

Elementary particles are fractals, too. There's no way that they're not "made up" of anything. Zoom in further, they've got their particles too, and so do they.

To make a long story short, there is no such thing as big, and there is no such thing as small. The universe doesn't have a perspective. We just can't comprehend anything without including our perspective.

We just happen to exist on our level of the fractal. I'm sure there's consciousness on the other levels, too, we just can't see them. We only evolved to comprehend what we needed to.

Also, for some reason, it seems that "alive" happens to be the best state for matter and energy to exist in. But that's besides the point.

I'll keep working on my "fractal hypothesis" and when I come to something that disproves to, I'll let y'all know.

Also if y'all have any reasons why this doesn't work, let me know.
Spotify should give the money you spend directly to the people you listen to so that bots don't just yoink all the value for shitty songs instead, also this would make it easy to launder money which would be poggers

I need a rabbit or cat. country is going to shit but Im still relaxing and nothing can stop me from that

I remember those days. Back when searching "boobies" was still the biggest rush you could get.

9:50 p.m.: Thirty shots ring out. A person complains to a neighbor that the neighbor has parked too close to the person's car. A zone occupant, with no connection to the other parties, fires multiple shots into the neighbor's car and house. The neighbor, a military veteran, is in the driver's seat and recognizes an assault rifle with a 30-round clip. The shooter walks back into the zone. Four police squads caravan through and meet the neighbor nearby.
Tianna gifts Luna a golden stopwatch.

got woken up from like 8 police cars and an ambulance going through my neighborhood. hope one of the druggy teenagers ODed.

It's late, how was your day? Go to bed after you've read this question-

Homesteady stuff
Apparently when you get married you need to have an arch, so we made one (We are just getting married on the property), unfortunately you can't make out all the little white flowers on it at this resolution.



Painted the feature wall in the living room, put up some pictures and finally used those windows (all pictures done by the kids), also more plants, always more plants.

Hello all, i will try and make this short, but i am posting an episode of the podcast i recorded today. laugh at me and ill laugh with you, uhhhh.... life is weird and try and be happy yall idk what else to say but it should be uploaded before i leave for work, ill try and update yall if not. Enjoy!

Uploading another one, this will techincally be 4/2's episode, but, i may make another one depending on when i actually get up and moving tomorrow. uploading now should be done in 11 min. delaying playin apex with friends so it has the max upload speed possible... Enjoy!~

Why yes, I am laughing.

fingers are a bit cold due to the fact i just got back from walking my dog, but i uploaded another one, and sorry about the audio issues on the last two, hopefully this ones fixed.... Enjoy!

given how dead tiblar is, i better start making some friends outside of it.

Saw a lady at the airport who was laying down on like 3 seats and taking a nap. I'd be mad, but I kinda respect it, she's just snoozing and winning. Chad.

You are not eligible for the Covid vaccine in Vermont if you are just a normal white person. Scary that this is real. They will even prioritize immigrants and refugees over their own citizens. Your government hates you.

Holy crap, that explains why he was able to pull off all those words in "Kiss Kiss Bang Bang".

ive tried uploading this gameplay video three or four times now, a few times my pc turned of, okay my fault, so i disabled slpeep mode and all that, i set it up to upload last night before i went to sleep and i think my pc shut off agai? and another timeit just straight up didnt upload? another time was my fault? uhgggg when do the troubles end, i need some better fucking internet. anyways, the next episode going up on my channel is a cod zombies gameplay but for some reason obs didnt capture the audio, though that may be a blessing in disguise cause i did do the 115 easter egg so maybe i avoided a copyright claim. who knows. im still trying to get it uploaded though, and got a new project in the works with one of the locals on here. until then have a wonderful day you beautiful bastards!

Zenith among some stars.

Zenith among some asteroids.

Mudvayne is such a unique band in my opinion. A very strange mix of metal and jam but it works and this song rocks.

Elizabeth mixes and matches magic.

Just goes to show that this whole thing has been a power grab and they never really cared that much about Covid.

"Here’s the hitch: The feds refuse to test migrants before release, unless they’re visibly sick, even though COVID continues to rage in Mexico. Biden’s press secretary, Jen Psaki, explained that the administration considers testing a state or local responsibility. That’s ridiculous."I fight for the little guy. That's just who I am.

There is just as much proof that the Hawk Moth is a real snake. It's not, but I guess looking like something is enough to be something.

REAL LIFE YOTSUBA!!!!!!!!!

Why does she do it

It's strange how both sides extremes end up agreeing on so much.

That's why I need my gun, in case anything happens like a mugging or a break in, and boom, I can blow my head off so I don't have to deal with it.

Gatekeeping is one of the most important things a community should do and any community that doesn't always loses its soul.

Yea I did that, waiting on photo's from the photographer, I'll upload my vows song too when I get it (I was pretty nervous and fucked it up a little).

Alright, its about time i make it official, Tiblar's become that small little area i peek in occasionally, and its... honestly basically dead at this point. It was fun, i have some fond memories, but now it's just a shithole of ads and weird opinions, so im gonna head out :)

I'll be happy on the day I squish the bug that sucks my blood and has me drugged

Put out a mobile update, will focus on the spam problem. I will have a final solution to the problem soon

Ahem... Fellow obese monstrosities whose site repulses every fair maiden ( @Yuri @LoliLover @Plik @WackaMahNuts @Toddlercon ), I have an announcement to make:

pee pee poo poo I'm actively making plans to kill you
O yeah I kinda forgot
oh yeah forgot to post this on here.

I'm making imageboard software from scratch cuz bored.

The stuff you see in the screenshots is only the very early basic templates.

(the theme is obviously based on onee.ch's mint theme)

IT IS DONE!!!
Finally after a day and a half of trying to get it to upload my first gameplay episode is up. I'll try and have the next one up asap. but for now im going to give my internet abit of a break, and my mind, still hopefully you all enjoy, and sorry for the lack of game audio! https://youtu.be/IyLGTOUVVos

That woman who fought this person is much braver, though at the time I don't think they knew what they were getting into because this person was just labeled female. I guess that's why the need the word trans in there.

"the Southern Poverty Law Center found that most popular textbooks fail to comprehensively cover the history of enslaved people and white supremacy’s role in American slavery, stating that “state content standards are timid and fail to set appropriately high expectations." They want to get rid of Algebra even though US test scores are dropping, but on this subject, white supremacy, our standards are just way too low. One of these is obviously more important to teach than the other, can you guess which one? As someone who is thinking about having kids one day, this whole article is scary.

What does that phrase even mean, "we support _____ lives". It means nothing, that's what it means. It's a company that employs death squads and slavery overseas and you think they care about anyone's life?

Why are there so many ads on here

episode up, enjoy, i think i have tomorrow off so ill post the third episode, if not i will when i can.... Enjoy!~

Threw up a new beat today just cause i felt like it. hope yall enjoy. make sure to read the description, but also may be my last till i can go premium. enjoy!~ (after youtbe finishes checking my uncopyrighted music for copyrighted music.... -.-)

Tianna finds a strange idol in a bunch of vines.

Roman, Roman, stop it, stop it! You've gone mad, mad, I tell you, mad! You and this boy Slim Shady, what's goin' on? They'll lock you away! They'll put you in a jail cell! I promise! Take your mother's warnin', Roman, please! Back to bed, run along. Let's go, come on. Wash your mouth out with soap, boys!

insperational quote of the day: dont let the haters get to you 🧏🏻‍♂️🙏🏻

Been listening to a lot more It Looks Sad. and really like it, goodgood artist

Another bingus for you all
Hey guys, you should uh, use your alt accounts to sub to my profile

why im better than you all part 2: a short pargraph
OK GUYSSSSS so basically on my last post i talked about how IM BETTER than you all bc i had new emojis, and you guys in the comments were SOOOOOO triggered! and now i found ANOTHER reason as to why im better than you all! so here it is

i have premium on roblox, and today i got my monthly 450 ROBUX! so yeah i guess im better than you guys and you just cant accept that. goodby tiblar
I wonder how the media would frame this story if it was instead about a father that wanted to vaccinate his child and the mother and child refused. Either way, it's Canada, so that's what's to be expected.

Laying in the hospital bed jacked up on valium, not how I expected the day to go. ( Nothing serious, just a torn shoulder muscle)

Using a textured pen for this picture and just shading using black, i actually really like how it turned out and i might try to make other pictures like this one.

ive been learning how to do click plc programming and its really not that hard, but everyone hypes it up as being hard, so either they're wrong, or im bad at it and i dont know it

It's kinda weird that there are just muscles that people can't really use very well, like in my case I can't raise one eyebrow or flare just my right nostril (but I can do my left)

i like brave new world better than 1984 because most already know that they wouldnt like such a doom and gloom police state but brave new world paints it in a way that the average person could get on board with and then as they read they realize how terrible it is.

Started watching the Snyder cut last night, it's in 4:3 and it's over 4 hours long, turned it off 20 minutes in.

Good morning, or afternoon- Whateva. How is thou day going?

why im better than you all: a short paragraph
ok guys so i woke up yesterday and i found out my school computer had the new emojis, i.e ❤️‍🩹❤️‍🔥

so yeah im better than you guys bc i have emojis and you dont! xD
Ok I'm back, finished being busy, got my conditional offer of employment, will probably be sorted by the end of April, and then, in 5 years, I can flex that I make more money than all of you.

Gooto night, please sleep well.

I have wonderful friends. 10 points if you get the reference.

a thing i dont actually have a good description for it other than what a friend said which is "when the OC is mistrustful"

I blew up I think 5 microcontroller boards today cause I was troubleshooting a thing and just made the decision not to look in the obvious spots. I truly am a man of intellekt

Tianna on a lily pad.

imagine being a jewish pole at the end of ww2 and be in a concentration camp and be "liberated" by the soviets and being all happy that youre being saved and then being put in a work camp and being worked to death

I once had an entire conversation with someone who was on their bluetooth. Idk how my brain made everything they said make sense.

When I search anime's like? insert whatever anime it is I've watched, I no longer get suggestions for things I haven't already seen, I need something out of the blue.

i honestly can't pretend i like the princess NPC, her purchases our overpriced asf and don't even look good. The only good thing about her is when she dies, she drops a cool weapon, but otherwise a utterly useless npc that could've been much cooler as the last NPC you get in the game.

I have masturbated 5(five) times today. Not a record but my urethra burns. Its still large, full wads, but the bepis is sore and cannot keep up.

I have masturbated 5(five) times today. Not a record but my urethra burns. Its still large, full wads, but the bepis is sore and cannot keep up.

Accumulated hangover from a week of drinking, anyone else feel like dying?

Happy Pi Day, my tibbas!

I will never wear a mask can't breath good with it on

Same thing with Connecticut. It's only barely hanging on til the middle class is drained and the rich flee.

John Lennon needs a good ass whooping. Hippie bastard.

I take it back /bant/ is the best board on 4chan now

Pokemon: Q the Snivy
Forget what I said about waiting a long time to see original art from me. This is my first piece from scratch!

Do not repost.

This Snivy was drawn with Queso in mind - Snivy is seemingly his favorite Pokemon.

This made good freehand drawing practice. Everything about Snivy is curved lines and those were a challenge to perfect. However, it did take me less time to draw this than the scolipede.

Why is Q able to hold a 20 lb. kettlebell? I was wondering how much a Snivy's vines could support in weight, so I looked for images of one using Vine Whip. I found a gif of a slamming a Riolu using both vines for support - Riolu weighs about 44 lbs (20 kg), so I took half of that and put it on the kettlebell.

Nonetheless, I will keep practicing more. Please look forward to more artwork soon.
just went to the store and screamed in someones face to stop wearing the mask

At a certain point, shouldn't just save ourselves sometime and just say the freeways dead?

okay guys thank you for coming to my blog （っ＾▿＾）so today i went to the supermarket and i purposely went to the person cashier instead of the robot thing and i tried to spark a conversation because i am trying to become more "normal" and i have seen him before and it was some ASSHOLE teenager i asked him "hows your day?" and he goes "pretty good considering this is the first time you wore something that doesnt make you look like your from like 30 years ago." and i didnt say anything. stupid dickhead. also a cute girl glanced at me.

Lil'Scolipede
About 24 layers and 4-5 hours of labor led to the creation of this piece of fanart. I drew using a mouse - I don't own a fancy drawing tablet.

This a gift work that only @LilC may use. Enjoy it.



Only while I worked on this did I find a better way to shade and highlight without manually adjusting the color on the color wheel. Also, for the foliage I had to imitate Ken Sugimori's way of shading - to be honest, I loved coloring the work as a whole.



The base belongs to Xous on DA. You could say this was somewhat of a recolor. This wasn't entirely from scratch, but I hope that with more practice (especially with human anatomy) and increased mastery of using my art program, I'll be able to make completely unique works. Please look forward to seeing that in the future.

lips chapped feet sore

think joe biden might be dead and they are making it seem like he is still alive to not start panicing in the public

Ignore my last post, just gotta plug my bass into the ethereal pedal and play it with a voilin bow!

I have no idea what I'm doing anymore, I'm beginning to lose my marbles trying to just, idk, make something good. Something people will listen to. It's all too much. This is a genuine cry for help.

Just gotta bang on shit laying around my garage for the bujumbajum

Casio mt 240? Maybe...

I need a bwawawa, some sort of poohkh-KHA, a bujumbajum, a bwAwA, and an a

pONGE BOB

i think i had a schizo moment. i was fucking around on the computer and next second a bunch of stuff was on the ground.

i know i have promised to show a lot of my 3D modeling work in the past but never got around to doing that cuz i tend to forget but also never got around to finishing a lot of it.

Analytics has just been published. You might need to refresh the page for it to show up. There's no analytics tracking script on the website, it's all based on requests to the API to ensure privacy. I also fixed some minor bugs.

this site sucks

Tianna gifts Max some bobby pins.

feels weird leaving a board ive been on since it was made. no regrets though.

Parler is back up and running so check me out on Parler --> @FatDumbAndAngry

That and time. No more time for you.

I made a cover of "Mute City" from the game FZero. I don't remember why.

as a last ditch attempt to save this website you could go on a murdering rampage and post your manifesto here nd while youre out doing you business have a sweatshirt on that says tiblar.com so people know where to go

This is why Elon wants to get to the stars. To fuck them.

This is the problem. We traded nationalism for consumerism.

banana man

i need to post more, but i dont really have much inspiration atm.Is Kokoro Connect good?

probably a nothingburger but ill post it here just in case

i detest anyone who uses throwbin

The Patriot
Reminder everyone here is a soy that wont fight for their freedom. Especially australians. They gave up their rights when they tossed in their guns.
Look, maybe air-frying and eating 500g of cookie dough was a bad idea, because now I feel sick at 1AM. But do I regret it? maybe little but probably not as much as you'd expect

i didn’t forget 2forTiblar just ended, but typing that tag in for some reason is muscle memory now

I constantly want to be by the ocean, but no one else will join >:(

Pizza Hut sucks
Pizza hut is bad
i sometimes miss my antidepressants

Though violence may seem like the only solution, the best way to win public support is through peaceful measures

okay panny was kinda cute for a dude who most likely has a neckbeard

yall rockin w/ furries!?

I’ve been really tired lately. I wonder if getting recommended amount of sleep would help

oh no
I really did fall into Final Fantasy hell



what an interesting set of games



fun
day 3 of being unable to format my larger posts. fix one thing, break another.

Check out my buddy Frank's youtube page. He makes some pretty awesome music.

To be fair, Anime has done some pretty weird stuff with 11-year-olds too.

Been playing wayyy to much chess recently. Not even too good either :/

I am tired. Early ass classes and I’m up at 2. Can’t be my fault though, it’s someone else’s I’m sure

here's the original that I yoinked online, sounds better but the high notes are a bitch to play cuz my saxophone is budget and I'm waiting for my new one to ship

the first part of Taxi driver, transposed to be less annoying compared to the version I found online

Is it possible we lost the technology to fake the moon landing?

Government buys school kids free lunches with recyclable containers... Anyway I had to throw 350 of them into general landfill today so fat load of good those did, thanks a lot aunty cinda

cum in my bussy please
@Skoolby wanted me to draw a roly poly with the color scheme of his pfp, so here it is

This is the last day for the2 For Tiblar event. Make sure you make today count and get two posts in!

Police raided my friends property after neighbours reported he had an assault rifle, they took all his gel blasters and electronics, due to Australia's fucking ludicrous guns laws he's still being charged with possession of illegal firearms due to him having modified the toy to look more realistic, currently awaiting his bail conditions. So far this hasn't been the trip I expected.

Sometimes my bad decisions catch up to me, sometimes I catch up to them first. It’s the way the bus floats.

Am in pain

email confirmation emails broken or something?

koxx - a fool moon night



this song is most recognizable for the last minute where the guitars goes, na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na
do you ever just pronounce the captchas you get

I could get a captcha that says "mibl" and be like "mibble"
i just want him to here to call me a slur that I've never even heard of one last time

Tianna gifts Jamison a small red crystal.

More axolotl :))

THEY TURNED FLAMBOYANTGUMBABABOB INTO DA MF CAR WTF HUH WAT???? how they do that🗣️

Did something so stupid today I disappointed myself

I'm really happy to announce our first employee! Say hello to Brad, he will be managing support from now.

I did the following:

hide webm on browsers that don't support it
fixed notifications
added mobile image scrolling on expand
tag people in posts
popout profiles no longer slippery on mobile
uploading mov works now
fixed tooltip bug on mobile
fixed banner
fixed big file upload
Nasty, didn’t feel like finishing this

heard today the my nazi fascist racist sexist regime has been postponed four years 😔. in a bad mental state rn and need some space so im not going to be posting for a few days.

Didn't know if I should of used ANTIFA instead but this is what I went with.

But "It's okay to be white" is racist...

Check out my most popular song on Bitchute --> https://www.bitchute.com/video/Gb0TTwSGlqDJ/
I saw this posted by a polish dude. That's all I'm going to say.

i remember my first decent sized program (it was around 400 lines) i accidentally crashed my computer trying to run it

cute apuu
cute fren
ding dong the wicked bitch is dead

Phasmophobia with some friends.

Just checked, the average amount of likes on a Tiblar post is around 7ish, which is kind of low tbh

I am an anime girl now.

I’ve been watching High Rise Invasion recently, lot of fan service which is eh, but not really that bad. Good concept I think.

hmm new self promo account instead of my main, maybe

Def Leppard, Photograph

Messed around with an old beatles song, mixed in some organ that was in one of the anthology versions that I liked

Internet protesters:

Fuck white people, stupid colonizers



Internet protesters:

We love socialism



Internet protesters:

Noooo, don't give Hong Kong to socialist China, it's supposed to be protected by the white people who colonized it

I don’t understand how Pinterest works

He has always been my pillar of wisdom.

Is today the last day of 2forTiblar?

Source: Restaurant to Another World - EP2

video0
memes I stole from discord (mainly Lil'C)

enjoy
richard stallman is a genius when it comes to software but when he talks about politics he is a retard

A Bard Dragonborn for dnd

Shitposting is the 6th estate.
I bet they are learning about Diversity.

I just checked and ogusers is just a shitty website where people show off shitty Twitter usernames and Spotify bots, also generic shit too
I can’t stop thinking about this

:(
I am not understanding what is happening in Comunniyy rn ill be. Onetst

Sorry about not posting. I had a pet that was very near and dear to me pass from a brain tumor, and I haven't been in a good place. Getting back to posting. Missed a couple dates, one being the anniversary of Lovedrive by the Scorpions, that came out on February 25th of 1979.

Seems as though the users of Tiblar have disappeared into thin air, much like the Federal Reserve's accountability after the dissolution of the gold standard

good speech. glad to see that the trump loyalists are still the faces of the party.

opinions are the biggest wastes of time, I do not care what you THINK about something

YUP. Ready to work boss!

One of the main things Trump was right about.

Mates in university and still thinks that people would mess with him for shitting... grow up

Bakker posters need their safespace.
Are you that unaware? No Animefags or animetranny as you call them, are seething. Just you. Which is actually kind of pathetic when you think about it. But hey, whatever helps you cope.
I didn't make those posts. You're projecting again and you're shitting up this general because you're seething that I made the thread 4 minutes early.
Get a docking station and buy used old internal hard drives off of ebaay or craigslist. 1TB or 2TB drives are dirt cheap and usually have many thousands of hours of life left on them. Plus there is the interesting stuff you find on them if the previous owner just deleted/formatted everything. I recently ran a used HDD that I had bought on ebay through Recuva and found out every fucking thing about that guy - his job applications with a complete CV, testimonials from former employers, data sheets from all the firms he is doing book keeping for, the document that declares him an officially ordained priest of Jehova's Witnesses ... it was wild, and that was less than 1% of what I have found so far. 750GB take a shit ton of time though, I am not going to spend four whole days on this.
Musashi, maybe? Not really fantasy, but it does have that adventure feeling too it.
Journey to the West isn't exactly modern but is definitely none-anime fantasy.
Vampire Hunter D is modern, but does have a tonne of anime tropes. It's still pretty good though.
Finally finished Siege of Skyhold. Gotta keep this short for now but the actual siege was engaging with lots of battles going on and revelations. However boy oh boy I can't say I enjoyed the ending.
I don't know how to feel about the multiverse shit. 5 books and we are still being drip-fed info but it is refreshing coming from Cradle and having it shoved in your face.
I really need to find an imageboard to discuss sff with, already, instead of continuing to post into a void.
still feels a bit anticlimatic considering he was basically a midboss for the series
is the majority of the Cosmere lore just things Sanderson hasnt written yet? I know Warbreaker is a thing but theres a million events referenced in Stormlight that doesnt seem written in detail anywhere else
FSB arrested two Americans for allegedly attempting to stage a coup and assassinate Lukashenko. Is this legit or just a cassus belli to get Belarus involved in an invasion of Ukraine?
Jus5 more bullshit to attract support for his crumbling legitimacy. He has a new 'outside enemy' every week to distract from his nigger-like politics.
I mean, there are undoubtedly American spies in Belarus and they certainly have "plans" to off Lukashenko if the situation ever calls for it, but I highly doubt they were planning something anytime soon. Luka has been slowly distancing himself from Russia since the Crimea incident which is exactly what the American foreign policy people want\ him to do. Removing him would be a terrible move as of now, and there's no way they were going to do it as things currently stand. Might be worth seeing where this goes.
Belarus is one of the only countries to resist the c-19 psyop, he refused to imprison his population, refused a bribe of a billion from the kike world bank.
What were these dumb niggers thinking?
lmao kids and teens are always against the establishment. its the golden rule. really activates the almonds on who has the "systemic power"/
The cyberpunk genre is literally all about the degeneracy of society, you must be fucking retarded to use such theme for a "nationalistic" video, also what are those cringe shaking effects?
Is there even a need for testing anymore? They know that they will get away with whatever they do at this point, nobody is resisting them, even when we are being replaced in front of our own eyes. Now they are just doing victory laps with this kind of propaganda
LOOOL I didn’t see that the EU responded, they must be freaking out. Their propaganda not working ((
about "badges"
badges were something we pitched to 222 really early on and im sure it has been part of his plan for a bit.

part of the pitch was that OG tiblar users (users from before this update) could have a tiblar beta badge or something.



is that not happening? or is it something that's gonna be done later on?
Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You?
K tell me anything about you.
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg Ì_ again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
I see the letter B on my car
Anything lor... U decide...
Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
No calls..messages..missed calls
Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
Fair enough, anything going on?
Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
A gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about \the cave\". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing."
Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
Tell where you reached
Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
Its a part of checking IQ
Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
Today is \song dedicated day..\" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
I plane to give on this month end.
Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
Finished class where are you.
HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
U can call me now...
I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
Sorry, I'll call later
K. Did you call me just now ah?
Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
You will be in the place of that man
Yup next stop.
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
Yeah do! Don‰Û÷t stand to close tho- you‰Û÷ll catch something!
Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry.
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
"Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?\"
ham""
Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
Okay name ur price as long as its legal! Wen can I pick them up? Y u ave x ams xx
I'm still looking for a car to buy. And have not gone 4the driving test yet.
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
wow. You're right! I didn't mean to do that. I guess once i gave up on boston men and changed my search location to nyc, something changed. Cuz on my signin page it still says boston.
Umma my life and vava umma love you lot dear
Thanks a lot for your wishes on my birthday. Thanks you for making my birthday truly memorable.
Aight, I'll hit you up when I get some cash
How would my ip address test that considering my computer isn't a minecraft server
I know! Grumpy old people. My mom was like you better not be lying. Then again I am always the one to play jokes...
Dont worry. I guess he's busy.
What is the plural of the noun research?
Going for dinner.msg you after.
I'm ok wif it cos i like 2 try new things. But i scared u dun like mah. Cos u said not too loud.
Wa, ur openin sentence very formal... Anyway, i'm fine too, juz tt i'm eatin too much n puttin on weight...Haha... So anythin special happened?
As I entered my cabin my PA said, '' Happy B'day Boss !!''. I felt special. She askd me 4 lunch. After lunch she invited me to her apartment. We went there.
Goodo! Yes we must speak friday - egg-potato ratio for tortilla needed!
Hmm...my uncle just informed me that he's paying the school directly. So pls buy food.
here is my new address -apples&pairs&all that malarky
I am going to sao mu today. Will be done only at 12
ÌÏ predict wat time Ì_'ll finish buying?
Good stuff, will do.
Just so that you know,yetunde hasn't sent money yet. I just sent her a text not to bother sending. So its over, you dont have to involve yourself in anything. I shouldn't have imposed anything on you in the first place so for that, i apologise.
Are you there in room.
HEY GIRL. HOW R U? HOPE U R WELL ME AN DEL R BAK! AGAIN LONG TIME NO C! GIVE ME A CALL SUM TIME FROM LUCYxx
K..k:)how much does it cost?
I'm home.
Dear, will call Tmorrow.pls accomodate.
First answer my question.
I only haf msn. It's yijue@hotmail.com
He is there. You call and meet him
No no. I will check all rooms befor activities
Got c... I lazy to type... I forgot Ì_ in lect... I saw a pouch but like not v nice...
K, text me when you're on the way
Sir, Waiting for your mail.
A swt thought: \Nver get tired of doing little things 4 lovable persons..\" Coz..somtimes those little things occupy d biggest part in their Hearts.. Gud ni8"
I know you are. Can you pls open the back?
Yes see ya not on the dot
Whats the staff name who is taking class for us?
Ummma.will call after check in.our life will begin from qatar so pls pray very hard.
K..i deleted my contact that why?
Sindu got job in birla soft ..
The wine is flowing and i'm i have nevering..
Yup i thk cine is better cos no need 2 go down 2 plaza mah.
Ok... Ur typical reply...
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
You are everywhere dirt, on the floor, the windows, even on my shirt. And sometimes when i open my mouth, you are all that comes flowing out. I dream of my world without you, then half my chores are out too. A time of joy for me, lots of tv shows i.ll see. But i guess like all things you just must exist, like rain, hail and mist, and when my time here is done, you and i become one.
Aaooooright are you at work?
I'm leaving my house now...
Hello, my love. What are you doing? Did you get to that interview today? Are you you happy? Are you being a good boy? Do you think of me?Are you missing me ?
Keep yourself safe for me because I need you and I miss you already and I envy everyone that see's you in real life
New car and house for my parents.:)i have only new job in hand:)